feat: set loading states and stream responses (#11)
slack-samples/bolt-python-assistant-template: README.md

### `/listeners`

> Every incoming request is routed to a "listener". Inside this directory, we group each listener based on the Slack Platform feature used, so `/listeners/events` handles incoming events like messages sent to the app.

Reviewer: 👁️‍🗨️ quibble: This line might be good to keep for hypothetical setups? Though that link ought be perhaps to https://docs.slack.dev/interactivity/implementing-shortcuts/ if so...

**Note**: The `listeners/events` folder is purely educational and demonstrates alternative implementation approaches. These listeners are **not registered** and are not used in the actual application. For the working implementation, refer to `listeners/assistant.py`.

> **`/listeners/assistant`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**`/listeners/assistant.py`**
```

📠 suggestion: We're keeping this as a file for now I believe

Configures the new Slack Assistant features, providing a dedicated side panel UI for users to interact with the AI chatbot. This includes:
*  `@assistant.thread_started` - Manages when users start new assistant threads. 

> *  `@assistant.user_message` - Processes user messages in assistant threads and app DMs. **Replaces traditional DM handling as seen in** `/listeners/events/user_message.py`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  `@assistant.user_message` - Processes user messages in app threads or from the app **Chat** and **History** tab.
```

🪓 suggestion: We should match the wording on upstream docs for consistent verbiage and not to confuse messages to the app otherwise

🔗 https://docs.slack.dev/ai/developing-ai-apps#agents--ai-apps-feature

### `/listeners`

Every incoming request is routed to a "listener". Inside this directory, we group each listener based on the Slack Platform feature used, so `/listeners/events` handles incoming events, `/listeners/shortcuts` would handle incoming [Shortcuts](https://docs.slack.dev/interactivity/implementing-shortcuts/) requests, and so on.

> 
> **Note**: The `listeners/events` folder is purely educational and demonstrates alternative implementation approaches. These listeners are **not registered** and are not used in the actual application. For the working implementation, refer to `listeners/assistant.py`.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

:::info[The `listeners/events` folder is purely educational and demonstrates alternative approaches to implementation] 

These listeners are **not registered** and are not used in the actual application. For the working implementation, refer to `listeners/assistant.py`.
:::
```

this makes it look like a little callout card on the docs! anytime i think about using "note:" i just replace it with a callout card.

**`/listeners/assistant`**

Configures the new Slack Assistant features, providing a dedicated side panel UI for users to interact with the AI chatbot. This module includes:

> `assistant.py`
> *  `@assistant.thread_started` - Receives an event when users start new app thread. 
> *  `@assistant.user_message` - Processes user messages in app threads or from the app **Chat** and **History** tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`assistant.py`, which contains two listeners:
*  The `@assistant.thread_started` listener receives an event when users start new app thread. 
*  The `@assistant.user_message` listener processes user messages in app threads or from the app **Chat** and **History** tab.
```

i like to be explicity about what type of thing a thing is

> `llm_caller.py`
> * Handles OpenAI API integration and message formatting. Includes the `call_llm()` function that sends conversation threads to OpenAI's models and converts markdown responses to Slack-compatible formatting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`llm_caller.py`, which handles OpenAI API integration and message formatting. It includes the `call_llm()` function that sends conversation threads to OpenAI's models and converts markdown responses to Slack-compatible formatting.
```
